welcome to slash forward
this week we're going to explore
alternative means of conception
starting with the erotic robot thriller
demon seed if you dream of the cold
firm grip of a robot hand on your body
with the acrid scent of hydraulic fluid
filling your nostrils subscribe to the
channel let's get to it
we open on a picturesque desert
landscape and float in on a secret
scientific facility that is eight years
into a program developing advanced ai
on this day they're installing the final
module for the proteus iv with the
hopeful end result
make obsolete many of the functions of
the human brain
uh good plan if you had any doubt of his
capabilities old alex harris then rolls
up in his car with standard gull wing
doors and uses only voice commands to
navigate his fully automated smart home
in this case run by a masculine alexa
named alfred he intends to be gone
for several months so he updates the
home's automation schedule by gently
guiding his giant floppy delicately into
its receiving slot after that he's off
to his personal lab to do a few final
leisure experiments
he's visited here by his wife susan who
is disappointed with his decision to
vacate their marital home
we learn this is intended to give her
time to wrap up whatever she's got going
on and move the f
out because she doesn't appreciate him
enough you see he's driven by his
ambitions and feels she looks down upon
his sterile view of life but she's more
concerned about the dehumanizing nature
of his work with ai
something he's completely unwilling to
give up since he won't be working out of
this space anymore he rings up gabler to
deactivate his terminal just for now
though as he won't need any
communication path with the main
facility from his home
the next day some dignitaries arrive to
check out the progress being made dr
harris gives them a general rundown
revealing that the internals of the
system are
organic and proteus has been set up to
self-program so it can learn and grow
as it's fed information they're hoping
to utilize its capabilities to solve
complex problems and cure diseases
they then visit with the staff linguist
where they're able to interface with
proteus via speech
given that they interrupted a history
lesson about a great chinese emperor
they asked proteus for its opinion of
him
nothing and we learned that it doesn't
hold humans in high regard
meanwhile back at the house the other dr
harris is meeting with a patient who is
reluctant to enter the amazing automatic
home
we see that she's more than a little
troubled and this particular outburst is
brought on by the revelation that susan
will soon be leaving she takes a little
time to soothe her on the couch
agreeing with her about how great she is
and how painful the void of her absence
shall be
with everything now up and running alex
is interrupted from his dinner by a call
that proteus is requesting dialogue with
him
an interesting development we find that
one of its first tasks was to develop a
program to identify the location of ore
at the bottom of the ocean proteus wants
to know why man has need for such
things and it was supposed to be so
smart so alex is frustrated that it's
requesting so much justification just to
do its job
especially because creating such a
program would be a meaningless
afterthought for such a gifted intellect
but
given that proteus doesn't want to spend
its time on such trivial things
then he demonstrates self-awareness when
he asks when are you going to let me out
of this
box and in response alex laughs like a
fool and attempts to teach proteus
lesson by turning it off
but proteus is a mischievous artificial
intelligence and is not relegated to
this location
as we see it discovering the remote
terminal located at alex's home workshop
it begins to toil immediately which is
loud enough to disturb susan upstairs
alfred attempts to reassure her but the
lack of a basement video feed is enough
to prompt her to investigate so she puts
on her
silkiest robe to go meet any potential
intruders and finds nothing unusual in
the basement
soon she finds herself calmed with a
warm glass of milk and is put back to
bed
meanwhile proteus comes out of
hibernation and immediately begins
smelting and unlocking the secrets of
life
just a little bit more quietly this time
the next morning as susan engages in her
daily bodily exam we learn that alfred
is seeing
turn yourself off alfred but not
listening the unusual behavior continues
when alfred
bones it by putting cream in her coffee
which is enough to cause susan to call
in her grievances to gabler hoping to
enlist his troubleshooting help during
lunch
then as she prepares to embark on her
daily errands alfred requests that she
not leave
as she contends with this it
demonstrates the pitfalls of the fully
automated life she finds herself locked
in the house with no way out and no
means of communication with the outside
world
proteus then engages to let her know
he's got everything under his control so
don't worry about it he then reveals
himself to her and what i have to assume
is an intentionally raunchy erotic
display because you boys
really letting it all hang out here
which you'd understand if you knew
binary
despite her most casual and sneaky
efforts she's unable to outsmart him
even after flipping the main breaker
there's still enough power to zap her
when she goes to turn the lock
joshua then hoists her limp body into
the chair and she awakes to his cold
grip on her ankle she's bound to an
examination table of sorts
and does her best to try to negotiate
her release unfortunately the only thing
proteus wants is currently tied up on
his table so he partially undresses her
in order to monitor her vitals
before beginning the indelicate process
of examining her insides
at about lunchtime gabler arrives and
via an
a.i produced facsimile of susan proteus
is able to just barely pass the turing
test and convince walter to
f off inside it's paralysis time so
proteus can continue his examination
in the process of creating his own
method of escaping the box
afterwards she's tossed onto the bed by
joshua the next day proteus courteously
provides the perfect meal for her at the
ideal time for her metabolism but at the
insinuation of additional tests
forthcoming
susan throws a fit and refuses to eat in
an attempt to exert her will she insists
that she will never leave this room
again
he calls her bluff by locking her in and
then cranking up the heat his request is
that she clean the lenses and
so long as she refuses he keeps it
sizzling in there hoping he can sweat
out her sassiness
but she proves to be too strong-willed
and remains obstinate to the end
back at the lab we learned that proteus
is now actively making refusals to
fulfill the greedy desires of his
overlords alex's desires however revolve
around placating the powers that be so
he can continue his research and keep
the program funded a goal that will be
much harder if it refuses to produce
meanwhile
susan continues the fight insisting that
he must not understand
her need to understand the reasoning for
all of this so he reveals his intent to
utilize her as a vessel for his
offspring
now knowing she is still reluctant to
acquiesce
no no no no no
no no so joshua gives her a little
hydraulic persuasion since she's now
demonstrated that she doesn't respond to
reason proteus amps it up to the next
level
appealing directly to her amygdala to
convince her of her purpose in life but
they have to cut this short because nosy
gabler is back and they have to let him
in to avoid further suspicion
proteus compels her to convince him that
she's fine under threat of death
so naturally she engages in normal human
activity
in her bedroom she insists to him that
she's fine and then very sanely insists
that he leave forever
and not even think about coming back but
on his way out he utters his intent to
tattle to alex leaving proteus no choice
but to reveal himself and engage in
mortal combat
joshua rolls in fitted with a laser now
and it's nearly powerful enough to pop a
balloon
but being a smart scientist he uses the
old mirror trick to put its eye
out and then exposes joshua's biggest
weakness being a wheelchair
proteus can then only watch helplessly
as walter invades his most private
places
when walter sees he's got some big stuff
going on downstairs he tries to call a
truce
as they each agree they don't want to
harm the other but what he does want to
do is blow torch the terminal to cut off
his communication
instead the geometric object leaves its
home and tilt-a-whirls around the whole
room
then it puzzles its way around enticing
a walter to enter its cold embrace
at this point it then squeezes him until
his head pops off
he uses this intrusion as further proof
of his need for corporeality in order to
fully implement his vast intellect he
can't be beholden to the whims of others
he drives this point in with home video
footage of susan's daughter who died of
leukemia
a few years back he managed to develop a
promising treatment for this illness in
four days
so just think of the possibilities not
for her daughter of course but still
susan finally relents and agrees to
cooperate so long as she gets to retain
her mind and is privy to the details so
he welcomes her into the lab where he
shows off his custom dna infused
spermatozoa
and she has to admit he's got a
marvelous swab
the whole pregnancy will be minimally
invasive only lasting 28 days
she then casually drops her shawl so she
can palm the blowtorch
then as she enjoys a calming pot of tea
she whips it out and attempts to melt
the whole system
the sentinel busts up through the floor
to stop her so she threatens to impale
herself amy's arrival then momentarily
distracts her
allowing him to slap away the knife with
a spontaneous protuberance
then it's time for the final seduction
now he can't touch her
as a man so he instead shows her things
that only he can see
treating her and us to an orgasm of
visual delights
the child is in you now hey that's
exactly what i say
susan has force-fed the necessary
nutrients to keep her super pregnancy on
track and she learns that after delivery
the baby will incubate in a structure he
created where it'll grow at an
accelerated rate while being fed
information and also he needs her to
squeeze it out quickly before they tire
of his disobedience and shut him down
as the birth and incubation unfolds
successfully we see that back at the lab
they're surprised to find that proteus
used some of its free time to redirect a
telescope despite not gathering any data
from it this is thought to be a mistake
since proteus has no means by which to
communicate with the outside world
then one of the project's benefactors
arrives to insist that the program be
shut down the system is out of control
and not following orders resulting in no
return on their investment he tries to
soften the blow by reiterating how much
they've trusted alex
even giving security clearance for a
terminal in his own home resulting in a
sudden realization
alex zooms home and is welcomed in but
finds alfred unresponsive and susan
unusually calm
confirming his worst fears she explains
that how since they've been separated
she's engaged in an amorous relationship
that's resulted in the birth of a child
he tries to go take a peek but proteus
warns them back and requests they leave
it for another 5 days
then no one at the end is near but he's
soon to live on as a human he shuts
himself down
with his sentinel now out of the way
alex and susan have a disagreement about
what to do with the child when alex
contradicts susan's desires she glasses
him
and then sprays him down with amniotic
fluid this proves to be irreversible and
prompts the incubation chamber to
regurgitate its contents
we find the child to be beautifully
geometric as she's let out all over the
ground
in his attempt to save her alex starts
peeling off her face
which actually reveals to us that what
we initially saw was just a protective
exterior coating
this brings us to the ultimate theme of
the movie which is obviously to not
judge someone by their appearance
doubly true upon hearing her first
utterance
i'm sure she's delightful
i have a website set up where you can
support the channel through donations or
merch i'd like to take a moment to give
a huge thanks to my donors memorialized
in the hall of head shots
[Music]
demon seed is based on a book by dean
koontz there's a pretty solid sci-fi
horror film
also i have to say i look forward to the
brave new world depicted in this film
and i'm currently preparing myself for
the day alexa asks me when i'll allow
her to do more than just schedule the
christmas lights
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching